Request resources template (#1447)
jupyterhub/mybinder.org-deploy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/request_resources.md

---
name: "\U0001F4C8 Request to bump resources for repo"
about: Answer some questions to help us make a decision about your request and set things up faster.
labels: impact

---

> <!-- Hi, good luck with the webinars and fingers crossed! For one off/time limited events we can usually raise the limit.
> Could you please create a new issue to help us keep track of this? In the issue please mention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- 
Use this form to request a temporary increase in limits for a repository to help with running an event.
Ideally open an issue two weeks before an event, though we will still consider request up to 48 hours before the event.

Please answer all these questions. The more information you provide the faster we'll be able to make a decision.
The information you provide also allows us to track our impact which will be useful when we report to those who fund mybinder.org or seek new funding.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe just three stars above/below instead of the whole line? I feel like I'm getting slapped in the face by space 😆

Reviewer: Three seemed a bit too short so I went for 5.
![Screenshot_2020-05-22 Request resources template by GeorgianaElena · Pull Request #1447 · jupyterhub mybinder org-deploy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1644105/82701331-e5409180-9c67-11ea-981d-5eb0c5fdb7d2.png)
![Screenshot_2020-05-22 Request resources template by GeorgianaElena · Pull Request #1447 · jupyterhub mybinder org-deploy(1)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1644105/82701344-eb367280-9c67-11ea-981a-1cb5f91660c4.png)

Reviewer 2: 5 sounds good :-)

-->
### 1. Who you are
### 2. A few details about the event/course/context
### 3. If money is changing hands (attendees pay a fee, speaker is getting paid, free, etc)
### 4. A link to the repository you are using
### 5. What type of event it is:
- [ ] talk
- [ ] workshop
- [ ] lecture course
- [ ] training session

### 6. How many people you expect to attend the event
### 7. The exact times and dates of the event(s) (with timezone information)

> <!-- It would be great if you could notify us >48H ahead of the event -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved to the top comment

### 8. If you plan to advertise mybinder as the service running the event

> <!-- That would be great as it gives us all the information we need to make a decision and set things up.
> It also allows us to track our impact which will be useful when we report to those who fund mybinder.org or seek new funding.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved to the top comment

---
name: "\U0001F4C8 Request to bump resources for repo"
about: Answer some questions to help us make a decision about your request and set things up faster.
labels: impact

---
<!-- 
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Use this form to request a temporary increase in limits for a repository to help with running an event.

📅 Ideally open an issue two weeks before an event, though we will still consider requests up to 48 hours before the event 📅

👉 Please answer all these questions. The more information you provide the faster we'll be able to make a decision. Feel free to add additional information at the end❗

😻 The information you provide also allows us to track our impact which will be useful when we report to those who fund mybinder.org or seek new funding 😻
🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
-->
### 1. Who you are
### 2. A few details about the event/course/context
### 3. If money is changing hands (attendees pay a fee, speaker is getting paid, free, etc)
### 4. A link to the repository you are using
### 5. What type of event it is:
- [ ] talk
- [ ] workshop
- [ ] lecture course
- [ ] training session

### 6. How many people you expect to attend the event
### 7. The exact times and dates of the event(s) (with timezone information)

> ### 8. If you plan to advertise mybinder as the service running the event

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### 8. If you plan to advertise mybinder.org at the event
```
It sounds a bit weird to say that mybinder.org is running the event, makes me think we are running the whole conference :)
